Add API docs contribution guidance under extend/contribute (#2229)
elastic/docs-content: extend/contribute/api-docs/overview.md

% Mermaid source code
<!-- 
flowchart TD
    A[TypeScript API definitions] -->|compiled| B[Schema JSON]
    F[JSON spec files] -->|merged| B
    G[Examples YAML files] -->|processed| B
    B -->|converted| C1[OpenAPI for Documentation]
    B -->|converted| C2[OpenAPI for Clients, Dev Tools Console, etc.]
    H[Overlays] -->|applied| C1
    C1 -->|published| E["HTML published by Bump.sh"]
    C2 -->|used by| I[Clients & Dev Tools Console]
    B -->|generated| D[Client Libraries]
    
    style A fill:#fff2cc
    style F fill:#fff2cc
    style G fill:#fff2cc
    style B fill:#d5e8d4
    style C1 fill:#e1d5e7
    style C2 fill:#e1d5e7
    style H fill:#fff2cc
    style D fill:#dae8fc
    style E fill:#dae8fc
    style I fill:#dae8fc
-->

:::{image} images/es-api-docs-pipeline.png
:alt: API docs generation pipeline diagram, showing the flow from TypeScript specifications to JSON schema, OpenAPI transformation, and HTML publishing.
:width: 750px
:align: center
:::

> :::{important}

Reviewer: > :::{important}

I think we might not want to commit this date here, since it's not set in stone AFAIK

> The Dev Tools and Elasticsearch teams are working together to merge the two specifications into the `elasticsearch` repo in 2025.

Author: ```suggestion
The Dev Tools and Elasticsearch teams are working together to eventually merge the two specifications into the `elasticsearch` repo.
```

:::

### Input sources

Four types of files feed into the compilation process:
- **TypeScript API definitions** contain JSDoc comments with descriptions, annotations, and type information
- **JSON spec files** define endpoint URLs, HTTP methods, and parameters for each API
- **Example YAML files** provide realistic request/response demonstrations

> - **OpenAPI overlays** allow customization of the generated OpenAPI documents for specific consumers

Reviewer 2: here's a vote to keep the bold 👍 for scannability
